hey guys what's up welcome back to the
onyx Channel so I'm gonna go on a little
walk and grab a matcha and I'm gonna
bring you with me we're gonna venture
into the worlds which we haven't done on
this channel and hope while yes that
isn't my step stool in the background
because no short girl is really short
girl with our step stool right so today
I want to share 3 biggest mistakes that
you could be making as a petite kind of
the worst ways to train and it'll be
like a quick kind of like fit tips as I
walk let's go get my matcha it's kind of
like three biggest things that I see
petite women doing when they come to me
that is actually hurting their progress
so let's go it's always hard to vlog
when you're in public because inevitably
people stare but it's okay it's nice
outside I need to get a walk in and I
don't care what people think maybe I'll
just find like a nice little bench but
just to kick us off first one I would
say is class hopping while I love the
idea of class Pass and I love trying new
things I think that you have to have the
right expectations if you're doing a ton
of different classes every day like
every day every week so if you jump
classes if you go to Pilates one day and
yoga the next and then strength train
and then Orangetheory hit class or
something wow that's a great form of
burning calories you know it's a great
form of cross-training it's not a
program that is going to be enough
repeated stimulus to help you build
muscle and actually start to progress so
if your goal is to actually make
progress in the long term and really see
results and see changing like really see
the difference you have to be doing a
program that's progressing with you so
it has to increase in difficulty over
time and that could be in weights it
could be in terms of intensity in the
type of exercises you're doing but it
needs to have repeated exposures or
certain exercises each week for about
four to six weeks and those exercises
need to increase in difficulty
as you progress that's really important
and that's one of the biggest challenges
I face with things like class house is
that it's not gonna actually be
challenging you the way that you would
want to to get results
I feel like class pass also sort of
gives people can kind of like give false
hope that you know if you just burn a
lot of calories it's very calorie burn
focus you work out a lot that you'll
really get results you know from that
and to a certain extent that could be
true for someone who is maybe never
worked out before but in most cases
you're going to need a program that is
meeting you where you're at and helping
you get to those next levels helping you
learn how to increase your weights and
put on muscle because once you put on
muscles that's when you're gonna be
building your metabolism and that's when
you're gonna really start to see the fat
come off and muscle tone and all of that
stuff so I'd say if you're not doing a
specific program or you're just class
hopping and you're not seeing results
that's why but I also feel like I always
need to say this there's no there's
nothing wrong with doing this if it
makes you happy right this is about
happiness feeling good and strong in
your body and it's not always about
results I'm mostly watching I want you
to have the tools of empowerment to know
what will get resolved but the the
choice on whether you want to be on that
path or just be kind of doing something
that makes you happy and a lot of times
those are mixed at least for me they are
if you love class pass if you love
cross-training and you love not
following a program and it makes you
happy then that makes me happy and you
should continue to do that because
that's what really matters
anyways okay so the second thing on the
back on the move is that you're doing
too much hit or miss cardio I've had
clients come to me who are doing classes
like Orangetheory five days a week or
four days a week and that is just purely
too much high-intensity interval
training for the petite body for really
any one's body especially as women we
should really be doing exercise that's
going to help keep our hormones healthy
and a lot of times if you're doing
high-intensity interval training as your
main form of exercise and
every time and you're like your goal is
just like harder faster better stronger
at every workout and like higher calorie
burn you are not giving your body a
enough time to recover between workouts
to actually build muscle so you're
actually breaking down muscle and B
you're going to be causing a huge uptick
in a hormone known as cortisol which is
a stress hormone and this can increase
due to all kinds of stresses but notably
high-intensity interval training is
definitely gonna be one of them and when
there is a high amount of cortisol
present in your body you cannot be in
fat-burning mode so a lot of people come
to me right petite women and they're
like I've done so much I'm working out
so much I'm working so hard I'm doing
burpees you know doing BBG I'm doing
these high intensity programs why aren't
i burning fat and it's like well there
is such a thing as working too hard at
something and running your body into the
ground and at that point it's not
actually going to be in fat-burning mode
it's not going to be able to be able to
burn fat so that could be another thing
to look at if you feel like that's you
right now try to see how you can
incorporate just more strength training
workouts without the high intensity
element in them and in general I tell
petite women it's really good to just do
one to two max
hit workouts per week I do one per week
sometimes I don't even do one but one is
generally a really great place to start
[Music]
my matcha so I'm like in this trench
coat today because last week New York
was in like the 30s I swear I was
freezing and today it's like 55 but I
mean I'm hoodie sweats that are like
lined with fleece and this trench winter
jacket it's like full feather down and
I'm like drinking a hot beverage now so
I look like a clown
I'm so hot I'm gonna start sweating
whatever this is that coffee shop I just
been to it's in Greenpoint Brooklyn I
live in Williamsburg and it's a barber
shop that sells amazing matcha so good
so the third thing that third and final
thing that we'll go over that is most
common that I see is chronic dieting
yo-yo dieting restricting calories a lot
of times I'll see petite women under
eating severely like 1200 calories or
less and that's just not a star I just
burped it's not a good idea and here's
why when you start eating less calories
in order to lose weight your metabolism
slows down and that's because our bodies
are really smart and they want to be as
efficient as possible so if you give it
less energy it's gonna actually slow
down its metabolism so it doesn't
require as much upkeep because it
doesn't have the energy to do what it
used to do this is not what you want to
do if you want to lose weight in the
long term because if you cut your
calories and you lose a couple pounds
right what's gonna happen when you try
to eat real food again what's gonna
happen when you try to enjoy not being
hungry and just living life you're gonna
gain it back because your metabolism is
going to adjust to the lower level and
then when you increase how many calories
you're eating he's gonna take that as
surplus and it's gonna gain weight so
instead what I always suggest people do
this is what I teach my clients keep
your calories where they are or you can
increase them depending on a lot of
things but I would say keep them where
they are
start strength training regularly builds
your metabolism naturally
by increasing the amount of muscle you
have in your body basically this is the
hack this is a shortcut and this is the
way to do it in the long term so that
you can actually have a fast metabolism
and lose weight if you if you diet
you'll slow your metabolism you'll lose
weight if you don't diet and you focus
on strength training you'll increase
your metabolism because you'll increase
your muscle and muscle burns more
calories at rest than anything else you
can burn up to 50 to 100 more calories
per day just by having extra pound of
muscle that is why is the absolutely
most important thing to do to strength
train a petite woman now I'll say this
again if you hate string training and
you've tried it
okay fine I'm not gonna ever tell you
guys to do anything that you'll enjoy
doing but if you're really looking for
what is the secret to getting strong
feeling powerful still being able to eat
a lot of food and enjoy it and not be to
consume calories this is the way to go
it's strength training the right way for
your body type as a petite is building
up that metabolism and focusing on the
healthy approach that way after you have
worked out for a month instead of dieted
for a month we've increased your
metabolism naturally you can now eat
more calories you can now increase then
improves them the number of calories
that you're eating in a day and still
burn more fat and this is the healthiest
longest term approach that you could
take to your your health has a petite
woman if you're caught in a bad cycle of
dieting go easy on yourself
take a deep breath and realize that you
absolutely can get out of that cycle
it's not counting calories if you have
to and start focusing on strength
training getting strong and June
and that's the tea I don't ever really
have any tea because I'm 27 and drama is
just not a thing in my life alright you
guys this has been fun this has been
real thanks for hanging out with me for
a few minutes if you like this kind of
more vlog style quick chats let me know
just little bit more practical during
like the crazy days of the week where I
don't have time to sit down and shoot a
very formal video with you guys but I
don't want to leave you hanging on the
weeks that I can't do that because this
is about you not me and if I can't make
it look really perfect that's ok with me
let me know if you like the style and I
hope you have an amazing rest of your
day and go be powerful I'll talk to you
soon
[Music]